What about relationship wise?
No, I can't see that happening.
I think for me it would just be me.
I've always wanted two dogs.
My, well, maybe pushing three.
I've always said I would love to have a Pitbull,
a Rottweiler and a Husky.
They are my three breeds I've always wanted to have.
Because a lot of people say that,
oh, you shouldn't have a Pitbull,
you should have a Rottweiler
because you know, they're aggressive.
But I think it's the way they brought up.
It's the way that the owners are.
It's nothing to do with the dog.
It's the way that they've been brought up, that's all.
Yeah, three dogs, five bedroom hosts,
managing your own world, doing social media.
Just you and the dogs?
Yeah, that's me.
And a partner?
Nope.
I'm interested.